# Crypto Historical Data Scraper and Processor

This project involves scraping historical data of a cryptocurrency (Bitcoin in this case) from a website using Selenium, then processing and analyzing the data using Python's Pandas library.

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Code Explanation](#code-explanation)
- [Contributing](#contributing)

## Introduction

This project aims to collect historical data of a cryptocurrency (Bitcoin) from the Investing.com website. The collected data is then cleaned, processed, and converted into a usable format using the Python programming language. The project utilizes the Selenium library for web scraping and Pandas for data manipulation.

## Setup

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Nishant3516/Crypto-Historical-Data-Scraper.git
   ```

2. Install the required Python packages. You can set up a virtual environment if preferred:

   ```bash
   cd Crypto-Historical-Data-Scraper
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. Download and install the appropriate WebDriver for your browser (in this case, Microsoft Edge).

## Usage

1. Create and Update `credentials.py` with your Investing.com login credentials.
2. Run the `crypto_scraper.py` script to scrape historical cryptocurrency data from Investing.com:

   ```bash
   python main.py
   ```

3. The scraped data will be saved as a CSV file in the same directory.
4. The processed data will be displayed in the terminal.

## Code Explanation

- `crypto_scraper.py`: This script uses Selenium to automate the process of navigating to the Investing.com website, logging in, and scraping historical cryptocurrency data. This script reads the CSV file generated by the scraper, cleans the data, and processes it using Pandas.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or ways to enhance the project, feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request.
